Privacy Policy 

Cryptodisksoft respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, Cryptodisksoft will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, Cryptodisksoft will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, Cryptodisksoft will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. Cryptodisksoft will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Cryptodisksoft Service Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Cryptodisksoft Service Use Agreement.
1. Scope of application
a) Personal registration information provided by Cryptodisksoft when you register your Cryptodisksoft account;
b) Cryptodisksoft automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer when you use the Cryptodisksoft web service or access the Cryptodisksoft platform webpage, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, Access data such as date and time, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;
c) User personal data obtained by Cryptodisksoft from a business partner through legal means.
You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:
a) keyword information that you enter when using the search service provided by the Cryptodisksoft platform;
b) Relevant information collected by Cryptodisksoft from Cryptodisksoft, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;
c) Violation of the law or violation of the Cryptodisksoft rules and the actions that Cryptodisksoft has taken against you.
2. Information use
a) Cryptodisksoft will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and Cryptodisksoft (including Cryptodisksoft affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly. And after the service is over, it will be barred from accessing all of the material that it has previously been able to access.
b) Cryptodisksoft also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means. Any user of Cryptodisksoft platform who engages in the above activities, once found, Cryptodisksoft has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.
c) For the purpose of serving the User, Cryptodisksoft may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to, to send you product and service information, or to share information with Cryptodisksoft partners so that they may send you Information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).
3. Information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, Cryptodisksoft will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or the law:
a) disclose to third parties with your prior consent;
b) in order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;
c) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or at the request of the administrative or judicial authorities;
d) If you are in violation of relevant Chinese laws, regulations or Cryptodisksoft service agreements or related rules, you need to disclose it to third parties;
e) If you are a qualified IP Complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the Respondent at the request of the Complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;
f) In a transaction created on the Cryptodisksoft platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills the transaction obligation and requests for information disclosure, Cryptodisksoft has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty to Facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.
g) Other disclosures that Cryptodisksoft considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.
4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials collected by Cryptodisksoft about you will be stored on the servers of Cryptodisksoft and/or its affiliates, which may be sent to your country, region or location outside of Cryptodisksoft's collection of information and materials and accessed outside the country. , storage and display.
5. Use of cookies
a) Cryptodisksoft will set or retrieve cookies on your computer if you do not refuse to accept cookies.
So that you can log in or use the Cryptodisksoft platform services or features that depend on cookies. Cryptodisksoft uses cookies to provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services. b) You have the right to choose to accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use Cryptodisksoft web services or features that rely on cookies.
c) This policy will apply to information obtained through the cookies set by Cryptodisksoft.
6. Information security
a) Cryptodisksoft account has security protection function, please keep your username and password information safe. Cryptodisksoft will ensure that your information is not lost, misused and altered by security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the information network.
b) When using Cryptodisksoft web service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if the Cryptodisksoft username and password are leaked, please contact Cryptodisksoft customer service immediately so that Cryptodisksoft can take appropriate measures.